hi guys so the other week I posted a
fault with myself wearing this makeup
look on Instagram and Facebook and
everywhere else and everyone crapped
themselves and requested that I do a
video for this look and it was honestly
my most requested video ever so I
thought I'd do this for you today you
want to start with your flawless base
routine whatever that might be I haven't
included it here because my base routine
is always the same and you get so bored
of watching it in every video so instead
I tend to just list what I use in the
description instead so start with the
brows I don't really do much to them
nowadays and I just follow the natural
shape I still use a brow pencil or a
powder to fill them in but and you
should try to make them way more arched
than what they are because they're quite
flat but I just come to terms with that
now I've just accepted that they're flat
and that's okay because they just follow
the natural shape it makes fill in the
moon easier and quicker instead of
shaking like 15 minutes like they used
to do I finally caved and bought the
benefit gimme brow and yeah it's
freaking great just like everyone says
it is I'm not sure about adding fullness
as I haven't really tried it by itself
yet and I always have that base color so
you can't really tell but it keeps those
brows in place mine usually stick out
everywhere but this really helps keep
everything in check and just keep
everything nice and flat and where it
should be and as you can see I'm still
not 100% used to the whole colored brow
gel thing I always mess up at least one
of the eyebrows and just get it
everywhere but you just wait for it to
dry and then it will just flake off with
your fingernail or like a spoolie
awesome thing moving on to the eyeballs
you of course want to set with the
primer and I'm using my Avon one as
usual and the eye is relatively natural
and I'm say natural in err bunnies right
now nothing you do here is natural ever
but it's more toned down compact what I
would usually work first time taking
mild-mannered from the Sigma walnut
Fields palette which you totally need in
your life if you don't already have it
by the way then and using a fluffy brush
or a blending brush and just learning
that color upwards
on that same blending brush I'm going to
pick up cinnamon and cozy and just run
this through the socket next I'm taking
the color russet and applying is in the
outer V area and oh this color is my
second favorite shadow in the entire
world literally I love it so much here
and taking a blending brush and I'm
buffing the color across onto the lid
and into the crease the e25 brush would
have made this a lot easier because it's
nice and soft this brush was a bit too
hard but maybe twenty-five really needs
cleaning it's just covered in bright
pink from the electric color and I'm
really lazy so I haven't cleaned it yet
as always when you blend you lose color
intensity so just build it up if you
need to
next take sugar milk or a color which is
similar to your skin tone and just a
nothing color really and then just go
over the edges and if that blend wasn't
stainless before then it will be now
underneath my brow I'm taking my
mary-lou manizer because I'm a creature
of habit and I can't help it it's kind
of my only one I use at the moment I'm
also applying the mary lou manizer in
the inner corner / side of the nose area
and they can't really tell on camera but
it's quite dark up in there nowadays as
I'm aging and even with a corrector so I
just like to bright now but next i'm
using maybelline eye studio gel eyeliner
and creating a wing and then i'm just
going to say employees with a black eye
shadow you don't really need to set it
in place because it will dry by itself
but I just like how it smoothes up the
edges and just makes everything look
really neat and tidy
carrying on with the warm colors I used
a brown liner instead of a black one on
the upper and lower box line I always go
with something Smokey and hazy
underneath the eye because I just looked
really knackered if I don't because I
have like hereditary dark circles again
you can't really see on camera but in
person you'll know I mean and so first
one in with russet and then one stone
over the top and then I used the exact
blend brush to blend that out I picked
up some of the mary lou manizer again
and then i just connected everything up
in the inner corner then i'm finish out
the eyes with some mascara on the top
and bottom lashes on the lips I use lime
Chrome's black velvet and with this
product you kind of need to get it right
the first time
if you mess around with the edges too
much especially with a concealer you can
end up with this horrible green like
halo around your lips so I'll just take
it slow you breathe and I've realized
recently there's a bit of drama
surrounding blown crime at the Bollman
and in the past as well but I haven't
personally had any bad experiences with
them so I don't want to just sit here
and bitch about it but like with any
company before you buy from them just do
your research and know who you're buying
from I guess so then that's it
I really hope you like the look please
let me know what you think cause I
really like it but I mean would you wear
it and make sure you come and talk to me
on Twitter and Instagram and all that
good stuff and thank you for watching